[v7r3] change doc installing dirac server (#5812)
DIRACGrid/DIRAC: docs/source/AdministratorGuide/ServerInstallations/InstallingDiracServer.rst

          # Service +=
        }

>   - Now run install_site.sh giving the edited CFG file as the argument. While not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Now run ``install_site.sh`` giving the edited CFG file as the argument. While not
```

>     strictly necessary, it's advised that a version is added with the '-v' switch (pick the most recent one, see release notes
>     in https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DIRACGrid/DIRAC/integration/release.notes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    strictly necessary, it's advised that a version is added with the '-v' switch (pick the most recent one, see
    `here<https://pypi.org/project/DIRAC/#history>`__).
```
